JSDK-2828: safari audio issues workaround: Monitor audio track and restart if ended (#1020)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

For 1.x changes, go [here](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/blob/support-1.x/CHANGELOG.md).

2.6.0 (in progress)
===================

> - Worked around this iOS Safari [bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=208516) which causes your application to lose the microphone when another application (Siri, YouTube, FaceTime, etc.) reserves the microphone. Now your application will regain the microphone after foregrounding. For this SDK reacquires mediaStream track on gaining foreground, causing `LocalAudioTrack.mediaStreamTrack` to change. SDK will emits 'started' event on LocalAudioTrack - you can use this event to setup listeners on new mediaStreamTrack. (JSDK-2828)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Worked around this iOS Safari [bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=208516) which causes your application to lose the microphone when another application (Siri, YouTube, FaceTime, etc.) reserves the microphone. Now your application will regain the microphone after foregrounding. As a result of this, the LocalAudioTrack's `mediaStreamTrack` property will now point to the newly acquired MediaStreamTrack, and the `started` event is fired again on the LocalAudioTrack. The `id` of the LocalAudioTrack is now no longer guaranteed to be equal to the `id` of the MediaStreamTrack. Also, if you want to listen to events on the MediaStreamTrack, we recommend that you do so in the `started` event handler, since it guarantees that you are always listening to events on the most recently acquired MediaStreamTrack. (JSDK-2828)
```js
const { createLocalAudioTrack } = require('twilio-video');

const localAudioTrack = await createLocalAudioTrack();

function onMute() {
  console.log('MediaStreamTrack muted!');
}

function onUnmute() {
  console.log('MediaStreamTrack unmuted!');
}

localAudioTrack.on('started', () => {
  const { mediaStreamTrack } = localAudioTrack;
  mediaStreamTrack.addEventListener('mute', onMute);
  mediaStreamTrack.addEventListener('unmute', onUnmute);
});

localAudioTrack.on('stopped', () => {
  const { mediaStreamTrack } = localAudioTrack;
  mediaStreamTrack.removeEventListener('mute', onMute);
  mediaStreamTrack.removeEventListener('unmute', onUnmute);
});
\`\`\`
```
